#
# Master author manifest for alfred-vlc-remote
#
# <filename> <authors> (first is original author)
#
.editorconfig                       fran
.gitignore                          geberl, fran
.github/workflows/release.yml       fran
AUTHORS                             fran
LICENSE                             geberl, fran
README.md                           geberl, fran
metadata.json                       fran
changelog.md                        fran
vlc_remote.alfredworkflow           geberl, fran
icons/audio_delay_down.png          geberl
icons/audio_delay_down.psd          geberl
icons/audio_delay_up.png            geberl
icons/audio_delay_up.psd            geberl
icons/download_folder.png           geberl
icons/fullscreen.png                geberl
icons/fullscreen.psd                geberl
icons/mute.png                      geberl
icons/mute.psd                      geberl
icons/next.png                      geberl
icons/next.psd                      geberl
icons/pause.png                     geberl
icons/pause.psd                     geberl
icons/play.png                      geberl
icons/play.psd                      geberl
icons/previous.png                  geberl
icons/previous.psd                  geberl
icons/quit.png                      geberl
icons/quit.psd                      geberl
icons/stop.png                      geberl
icons/stop.psd                      geberl
icons/subs.png                      geberl
icons/subs.psd                      geberl
icons/vlc.png                       geberl
icons/vlc.psd                       geberl
icons/vlcremote.png                 geberl
icons/vlcremote.psd                 geberl
icons/volume_down.png               geberl
icons/volume_down.psd               geberl
icons/volume_max.png                geberl
icons/volume_max.psd                geberl
icons/volume_up.png                 geberl
icons/volume_up.psd                 geberl
images/screenshot_basic.png         geberl
images/screenshot_workflow.png      geberl
images/scriptable_functions_1.png   geberl
images/scriptable_functions_2.png   geberl
